Is it convenient for Mr. Zhao to meet tomorrow night?
OK
So at 7:00 p.m.
I'll send you the exact location later.
Thanks. See you tomorrow night.
Mr. Gu, I have checked
This is what Yunyao's mother said
He asked you to meet him here
It's not that he doesn't want a divorce and asks his mother to persuade you.
The first point doesn't matter
Did you bring the gift I asked you to prepare?
Ah, I brought it.
Mom, will Zhao Tingchuan really come tonight? Don't worry.
I do as you say.
Your sister agreed immediately
Or are you smart?
As expected of my daughter
Then are you sure he didn't lie to you?
He won't
Although he is not liked
But it's still true
Yo it's 7 o'clock
You hurry up and get ready
Try to take him down today
Then I'm going to touch up my makeup first
Hey
Hey, it seems that your sister brought someone here
You hurry into the house
Then you take him away, no problem, don't worry.
Why are you the only one Zhao Tingchuan?
It should still be on the way, it will arrive soon.
Just buy fruit for me to entertain him, no need
What is unnecessary
Hurry up, go, go, hurry up